the opposite of cold is hot .
cold is the opposite of hot .
cold and hot are opposites .
if it is not cold then it is hot .
when something is not cold it is hot .
one word means cold and its opposite means hot .
hot is the opposite of cold .
hot and cold are opposites .
if it is not hot then it is cold .
when something is not hot it is cold .
one word means hot and its opposite means cold .
the opposite of full is empty .
full is the opposite of empty .
full and empty are opposites .
if it is not full then it is empty .
when something is not full it is empty .
one word means full and its opposite means empty .
empty is the opposite of full .
empty and full are opposites .
if it is not empty then it is full .
when something is not empty it is full .
one word means empty and its opposite means full .
the opposite of quiet is noisy .
quiet is the opposite of noisy .
quiet and noisy are opposites .
if it is not quiet then it is noisy .
when something is not quiet it is noisy .
one word means quiet and its opposite means noisy .
noisy is the opposite of quiet .
noisy and quiet are opposites .
if it is not noisy then it is quiet .
when something is not noisy it is quiet .
one word means noisy and its opposite means quiet .
the opposite of quiet is loud .
quiet is the opposite of loud .
quiet and loud are opposites .
if it is not quiet then it is loud .
when something is not quiet it is loud .
one word means quiet and its opposite means loud .
the opposite of loud is quiet .
loud is the opposite of quiet .
loud and quiet are opposites .
if it is not loud then it is quiet .
when something is not loud it is quiet .
one word means loud and its opposite means quiet .
the opposite of big is small .
big is the opposite of small .
big and small are opposites .
if it is not big then it is small .
when something is not big it is small .
one word means big and its opposite means small .
the opposite of small is big .
small is the opposite of big .
small and big are opposites .
if it is not small then it is big .
when something is not small it is big .
one word means small and its opposite means big .
the opposite of fast is slow .
fast is the opposite of slow .
fast and slow are opposites .
if it is not fast then it is slow .
when something is not fast it is slow .
one word means fast and its opposite means slow .
the opposite of slow is fast .
slow is the opposite of fast .
slow and fast are opposites .
if it is not slow then it is fast .
when something is not slow it is fast .
one word means slow and its opposite means fast .
the opposite of open is closed .
open is the opposite of closed .
open and closed are opposites .
if it is not open then it is closed .
when something is not open it is closed .
one word means open and its opposite means closed .
the opposite of closed is open .
closed is the opposite of open .
closed and open are opposites .
if it is not closed then it is open .
when something is not closed it is open .
one word means closed and its opposite means open .
the opposite of light is heavy .
light is the opposite of heavy .
light and heavy are opposites .
if it is not light then it is heavy .
when something is not light it is heavy .
one word means light and its opposite means heavy .
the opposite of heavy is light .
heavy is the opposite of light .
heavy and light are opposites .
if it is not heavy then it is light .
when something is not heavy it is light .
one word means heavy and its opposite means light .
the opposite of happy is sad .
happy is the opposite of sad .
happy and sad are opposites .
if it is not happy then it is sad .
when something is not happy it is sad .
one word means happy and its opposite means sad .
the opposite of sad is happy .
sad is the opposite of happy .
sad and happy are opposites .
if it is not sad then it is happy .
when something is not sad it is happy .
one word means sad and its opposite means happy .
the opposite of up is down .
up is the opposite of down .
up and down are opposites .
if it is not up then it is down .
when something is not up it is down .
one word means up and its opposite means down .
the opposite of down is up .
down is the opposite of up .
down and up are opposites .
if it is not down then it is up .
when something is not down it is up .
one word means down and its opposite means up .
the opposite of hard is soft .
hard is the opposite of soft .
hard and soft are opposites .
if it is not hard then it is soft .
when something is not hard it is soft .
one word means hard and its opposite means soft .
the opposite of soft is hard .
soft is the opposite of hard .
soft and hard are opposites .
if it is not soft then it is hard .
when something is not soft it is hard .
one word means soft and its opposite means hard .
the opposite of clean is dirty .
clean is the opposite of dirty .
clean and dirty are opposites .
if it is not clean then it is dirty .
when something is not clean it is dirty .
one word means clean and its opposite means dirty .
the opposite of dirty is clean .
dirty is the opposite of clean .
dirty and clean are opposites .
if it is not dirty then it is clean .
when something is not dirty it is clean .
one word means dirty and its opposite means clean .
the opposite of near is far .
near is the opposite of far .
near and far are opposites .
if it is not near then it is far .
when something is not near it is far .
one word means near and its opposite means far .
the opposite of far is near .
far is the opposite of near .
far and near are opposites .
if it is not far then it is near .
when something is not far it is near .
one word means far and its opposite means near .
the opposite of high is low .
high is the opposite of low .
high and low are opposites .
if it is not high then it is low .
when something is not high it is low .
one word means high and its opposite means low .
the opposite of low is high .
low is the opposite of high .
low and high are opposites .
if it is not low then it is high .
when something is not low it is high .
one word means low and its opposite means high .
the opposite of old is new .
old is the opposite of new .
old and new are opposites .
if it is not old then it is new .
when something is not old it is new .
one word means old and its opposite means new .
the opposite of new is old .
new is the opposite of old .
new and old are opposites .
if it is not new then it is old .
when something is not new it is old .
one word means new and its opposite means old .
the opposite of wet is dry .
wet is the opposite of dry .
wet and dry are opposites .
if it is not wet then it is dry .
when something is not wet it is dry .
one word means wet and its opposite means dry .
the opposite of dry is wet .
dry is the opposite of wet .
dry and wet are opposites .
if it is not dry then it is wet .
when something is not dry it is wet .
one word means dry and its opposite means wet .
the opposite of long is short .
long is the opposite of short .
long and short are opposites .
if it is not long then it is short .
when something is not long it is short .
one word means long and its opposite means short .
the opposite of short is long .
short is the opposite of long .
short and long are opposites .
if it is not short then it is long .
when something is not short it is long .
one word means short and its opposite means long .
the opposite of strong is weak .
strong is the opposite of weak .
strong and weak are opposites .
if it is not strong then it is weak .
when something is not strong it is weak .
one word means strong and its opposite means weak .
the opposite of weak is strong .
weak is the opposite of strong .
weak and strong are opposites .
if it is not weak then it is strong .
when something is not weak it is strong .
one word means weak and its opposite means strong .
the opposite of early is late .
early is the opposite of late .
early and late are opposites .
if it is not early then it is late .
when something is not early it is late .
one word means early and its opposite means late .
the opposite of late is early .
late is the opposite of early .
late and early are opposites .
if it is not late then it is early .
when something is not late it is early .
one word means late and its opposite means early .
the opposite of dark is bright .
dark is the opposite of bright .
dark and bright are opposites .
if it is not dark then it is bright .
when something is not dark it is bright .
one word means dark and its opposite means bright .
the opposite of bright is dark .
bright is the opposite of dark .
bright and dark are opposites .
if it is not bright then it is dark .
when something is not bright it is dark .
one word means bright and its opposite means dark .
the opposite of warm is cool .
warm is the opposite of cool .
warm and cool are opposites .
if it is not warm then it is cool .
when something is not warm it is cool .
one word means warm and its opposite means cool .
the opposite of cool is warm .
cool is the opposite of warm .
cool and warm are opposites .
if it is not cool then it is warm .
when something is not cool it is warm .
one word means cool and its opposite means warm .
the opposite of heavy is light .
heavy is the opposite of light .
heavy and light are opposites .
if it is not heavy then it is light .
when something is not heavy it is light .
one word means heavy and its opposite means light .
the opposite of light is heavy .
light is the opposite of heavy .
light and heavy are opposites .
if it is not light then it is heavy .
when something is not light it is heavy .
one word means light and its opposite means heavy .
the opposite of round is flat .
round is the opposite of flat .
round and flat are opposites .
if it is not round then it is flat .
when something is not round it is flat .
one word means round and its opposite means flat .
the opposite of flat is round .
flat is the opposite of round .
flat and round are opposites .
if it is not flat then it is round .
when something is not flat it is round .
one word means flat and its opposite means round .
the opposite of rich is poor .
rich is the opposite of poor .
rich and poor are opposites .
if it is not rich then it is poor .
when something is not rich it is poor .
one word means rich and its opposite means poor .
the opposite of poor is rich .
poor is the opposite of rich .
poor and rich are opposites .
if it is not poor then it is rich .
when something is not poor it is rich .
one word means poor and its opposite means rich .
the opposite of wide is narrow .
wide is the opposite of narrow .
wide and narrow are opposites .
if it is not wide then it is narrow .
when something is not wide it is narrow .
one word means wide and its opposite means narrow .
the opposite of narrow is wide .
narrow is the opposite of wide .
narrow and wide are opposites .
if it is not narrow then it is wide .
when something is not narrow it is wide .
one word means narrow and its opposite means wide .
the opposite of thick is thin .
thick is the opposite of thin .
thick and thin are opposites .
if it is not thick then it is thin .
when something is not thick it is thin .
one word means thick and its opposite means thin .
the opposite of thin is thick .
thin is the opposite of thick .
thin and thick are opposites .
if it is not thin then it is thick .
when something is not thin it is thick .
one word means thin and its opposite means thick .
the opposite of deep is shallow .
deep is the opposite of shallow .
deep and shallow are opposites .
if it is not deep then it is shallow .
when something is not deep it is shallow .
one word means deep and its opposite means shallow .
the opposite of shallow is deep .
shallow is the opposite of deep .
shallow and deep are opposites .
if it is not shallow then it is deep .
when something is not shallow it is deep .
one word means shallow and its opposite means deep .
the opposite of true is false .
true is the opposite of false .
true and false are opposites .
if it is not true then it is false .
when something is not true it is false .
one word means true and its opposite means false .
the opposite of false is true .
false is the opposite of true .
false and true are opposites .
if it is not false then it is true .
when something is not false it is true .
one word means false and its opposite means true .
cold water feels cool but hot water feels warm .
an empty glass has nothing but a full glass has milk .
a quiet room is calm but a loud room is noisy .
a fast car is quick but a slow car is late .
a soft pillow is not hard .
a heavy box is not light .
an early train is not late .
a round plate is not flat .
